Those who block me will die, hey retreat
I'm doing it for you too.
Let me send you to the afterlife, hey
Master, why did you take him away?
Sister Hua threw his strength to reincarnate
If you let him hurt people
Then he has no chance
Scared me to death
I said beautiful woman
You did such a vicious thing
Are you not afraid of lightning strikes?
None of your business
Salty radish light worry
What right do you have to control me?
Hey, didn't I say what's wrong with you woman?
Ah, if my master hadn't saved you
You've already been killed by that ghost
Tell me what's wrong with you
Get out of here. If the old lady doesn't die, the old lady is lucky
Did I let you save me?
I'll tell you
I don't know you.
And the female ghost at the top
That's unsubstantiated
If you want his words to blackmail you
I'll tell you what.
I let you take advantage of it
Hey this
Hey
Oh, dear.
It's more sinister than demons